One important question when using this dynamic component approach is, is the component actually recreated
when it gets loaded
or do we use an existing instance?
So for example here, when I reload the app, we have the quote component by default,
now I go to author, this component is obviously create brand new
now. What if I go back to quote, was this component now also now created newly or do we take the existing
one?
Well let's check this by adding a new button to our new component here and adding a data property,
so the function here which then as always returns our data object where we have a simple counter set
to zero initially.
Well upon clicking this button, I want to increase the counter,
so here I will listen to click and simply set counter++ directly accessing this counter property.
Now to see that effect, I will also output counter here,
now if it stays alive, we should be able to increase the counter, navigate to another component, come back
and still see the same counter, if it is destroyed it should restart at zero.
Let's see what happens.
I go to new and then I increase that to let's say 10,
now I go to author and now let's see what happens if I go back to new, it starts again at zero.
So the component is actually destroyed and recreated,
we could have checked the same with the lifecycle as a side note.
So here on new, if I add destroyed and then log, console log destroyed to the console here,
well we will only see what we already know but it is more interesting with the next step what I'm going
to show. If I go to new and go to author, we see destroyed was called,
so the component dies. We can override this behavior though
and in the next video, I'll show you how to.